docs/vlagent: Note uses wrong path (#1480)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/vlagent.md

The `vlagent-data` volume uses `hostPath` so that the checkpoint file and the on-disk buffer survive Pod restarts on the same node.

> **Note**: for Kubernetes in Docker (minikube, kind): mount `/var/log` as a read-only hostPath volume,
> since container runtime data lives there.

> > In this case `/var/log/pods` and `/var/log/containers` will contain symlinks - do not remove these mounts.

Reviewer: The original one is already correct. We can make it clearer if you think it's hard to understand.

```suggestion
> **Note**: for Kubernetes in Docker (minikube, kind): `/var/log/containers` and `/var/log/pods`
> may contain symlinks to container runtime data under `/var/lib`.
> Mount the corresponding `/var/lib` path as a read-only hostPath volume too if these symlinks cannot be resolved.
```
